1. What are PDOs? What is a DSN?
PDOs is a built in class with PHP to make it easy to interact with databases and they also DOs manage and represent the 
connection to the database. We are able to run queries to it by giving input in SQL using PHP and recieve results from the databases. 

DSN is a string that we use to instantiate PDO objects and represents the connection to our database. This string contains information out our connection 
and should come from our .env file.

2. What are .env files? What are .gitignore files?
.env files are files that contains enviornment variables. It exists in the OS that we are running our application on and they set 
avriables specific to our enviorment. The enviorment variables that they contain  are variable whose value is set outside the program,
typically through a functionality built into the operating system.

,gitignore files is how we will ignore our .env files in Git because .gitignore files are text files that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project

3. Should you ever upload passwords of any kind to github?
No that would be a security risk since by uploading it on git we make it accessible for others to retrieve.

4. What is SQL injection?
It is when a hacker tries to run malicious sql code in a database. 


5. What are prepared statements? How can we pass variables to a prepared statement?
They are how we guard against attacks. it is a parameterized and reusable SQL query which forces the developer to write 
the SQL command and the user-provided data separately. To pass variables to a prepared statement we first call the prepare method 
with a sql query with any dynamic parameters subbed in with names prefixed with colons. That will then create an optimized pre-query 
statement ready to receive values. Finally we call the execute method so we can pass it an associative array with keys and values, the 
keys need to be the variable names we set in the prepare step, and the values will be the values we want to use in a query.

